the recent discovery of liquid
water on Mars we knew we had
water in the distant past
there's dried meandering river
beds in river deltas and flood
plains and all the telltale
signs of water moving too slowly
or quickly in the history of the
martian surface so to have
active contemporary evidence for
their being liquid water losing
out the sides of crater walls
that revisits that cut the
conversation about what are the
resources are calling me that we
put on mars would have available
to them as a whole branch of
nasa calls are you
Insitute resource utilization
hits the idea that why bring
everything with you on your
voyage if you can exploit
resources at your destination
you driving from New York to Los
Angeles you don't carry against
hanging with all the gas that's
necessary for that we're all the
food for four days now you stop
it quick marks along the way
when you get to LA somebody's
gonna sell food there it's
something we so take for granted
in a populated civilized world
that space exploration you have
to really think that through so
sure liquid water that's a
that's a plus but there's still
the matter of oxygen and food
and other things that kind of
fundamental life as we know